---
title: Spheron
sidebar_position: 6
---

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

## What is Spheron?

[Spheron](https://spheron.network/) is a decentralized cloud infrastructure platform that provides web application hosting, compute resources, and developer tooling for the decentralized web. With its comprehensive suite of services, including [SDKs](https://docs.spheron.network/sdk/) and [CLI](https://docs.spheron.network/cli/), Spheron allows developers and organizations to deploy, manage, and scale applications on a distributed network, leveraging the benefits of decentralization. It also incorporates features like [Dedicated Gateways](https://docs.spheron.network/gateways/) to enhance access and reliability when serving content on the IPFS network. Overall, Spheron offers a comprehensive solution for building and running decentralized applications in a secure and scalable manner.

## How to deploy static apps on Spheron?

Deploying static apps on Spheron is a straightforward process. Follow these steps to deploy your static apps on Spheron:

1. **Connect your Git Provider:**<br/>
   Connecting your Git provider allows Spheron to sync your repositories and trigger deployments whenever new updates are made. Spheron supports the following Git providers: [Github](https://github.com/), [Gitlab](https://about.gitlab.com/), and [Bitbucket](https://bitbucket.org/).

2. **Set up your Project:**<br/>
   Create a new project on Spheron and choose your desired app repository for deployment.

3. **Select deployment protocol:**<br/>
   Select your desired protocol for hosting your static app. Spheron supports the following protocols: **Arweave**, **Filecoin**, and **IPFS**.

4. **Configure deployment settings:**<br/>
   Spheron will automatically detect and configure most of these settings for you. You have to [add environment variables](https://docs.spheron.network/static/projects/variables/) in the dedicated section. If needed, modify the remaining parameters according to your requirements. That includes selecting the framework, branch, root directory, build and output settings, and the node engine.

5. **Trigger deployment:**<br/>
   After configuring all the required settings, initiate the deployment process. Spheron will fetch your code, build the static files, and deploy them to your specified protocol.

6. **Access your app:**<br/>
   Once the deployment is complete, you can access your app through the domain generated by Spheron. You also have the option to [set up a custom domain](https://docs.spheron.network/static/projects/domain/) for your app.

> Checkout our [Framework Guide](https://docs.spheron.network/framework-guide/) for more info.

## How to deploy dynamic-apps/servers on Spheron?

Deploying compute instances on Spheron is simple and effortless, whether you're using a Docker image from Docker Hub or deploying a marketplace app. Follow these steps to deploy your compute instance on Spheron:

1. **Set up your Cluster:**<br/>
   Create a new cluster on Spheron by selecting **Import from Docker Hub** or **Start from Marketplace App**.

2. **For Docker Hub:**<br/>

   1. Enter the name for your cluster and docker image.
   2. Then, Add the tag and **Click Next**.
   3. Select the instance plan that suits your needs and **Click Select Plan**.
   4. Create new **Port Mapping**. Add the container port, and Select the exposed port you want to map it to.
   5. Add **Environment Variables** if any. Use the **Secret Key toggle** if the value is a secret key. When you enable the secret key toggle, it will not be saved in the database.
   6. Select your preferred **Region** if any. If you do not add a region, the container will be deployed in any region.
   7. You can add advanced configuration if required.
   8. **Click Deploy** to initiate deployment.

3. **For Marketplace App:**<br/>

   1. Pick your desired template from the marketplace.
   2. Spheron will automatically select the recommended plan for the specific template.
   3. If you want to change the plan, **Click Change Plan**.
   4. Select the instance plan that suits your needs, and **Click Select Plan**.
   5. Select your preferred **Region** if any. If you do not add a region, the container will be deployed in any region.
   6. You can add additional configuration as required.
   7. **Click Deploy** to initiate deployment.

## How to upload to IPFS using Spheron SDK?

## How to Spheron CLI?

## How to view and retrieve content from IPFS using Spheron?

## Contact Us
